****************************************************************************
* Meeting: 	Portal Status
* Date: 	2008-07-03
* Venue:	Teleconference
* Attendees: 	Ram Chilukuri, John Eisenschmidt, Manav Kher, 
*		Carolyn Klinger, Joshua Phillips 
****************************************************************************

Agenda
------
1) Post mortem: Portal 2.0.2
2) Portal 2.0.2.1
3) Scope: Portal 2.0.3
4) Current cvs/gforge structure
5) caBIO Portlet
6) NCRI Collaboration

Notes
-----
1) 	Joshua: QA time lacking - could schedule regular time with QA on a biweekly basis. Need to expand automated UI testing framework (Selenium?). Better communication of features to Avinash prior to release.
	Manav: underestimated QA timing. Periodic release to QA to streamline. 
	Ram: underestimated scope causing us to burn our resources at a higher rate (Joshua only has 56 hours left this contract). SAIC was given a submission schedule. 
	Carolyn: Annual Meeting became focus, but got everything done. Going forward, easier for Carolyn to do everything at the end. 
2) Manav is out week of July 14th. Joshua cannot participate in QA given his current hours situation.
3) Next release (as planned): October, following release in January. Joshua and Manav put together a feature document: https://gforge.nci.nih.gov/docman/view.php/25/12935/Portal_Feature_List.doc 
4) Current docs structure in gforge makes it difficult to locate.
5) Call with caBIO went well. Best practices/tutorial is listed in scope document for next iteration. John asked that work with caBIO be directed through the cagrid-users list for visibility.
6) Given Joshua's remaining hours, preparation for these meeting will be difficult (if not impossible). 

Action Items
------------
1) John with follow up with Larry Brem to send a contract mod
2) John will let Ye know to finish testing before Manav's vacation or start when he gets back. Manav will work with QA on this release when they're ready. 
3) John will review scope document next week in consideration of next release. Following that, Joshua and Manav will be asked to produce LOE for chosen features.
4) John with create a new Portal link at top level of docs and expose approprate docs from cvs. When everyone has reviewed and ok's, John will hide Portal links under caGrid 1.2 and 2.0.