****************************************************************************
* Meeting: 	caGrid Infrastructure Status
* Date: 	2008-08-04
* Venue:	Teleconference
* Attendees: 	John Eisenschmidt, Ravi Madduri, Scott Oster
****************************************************************************

Agenda
------
1) CQL 2
2) Index Service
3) caGrid 1.3 Project Plan

Notes
-----
1) John working to reschedule kickoff / involve BAH Workspace leads. John will reply to spurrious email from Gunther.
2) Running out of file descriptors on busy Globus Services
3a) caDSR Grid Service - need timeline, affects Introduce development
3b) Grid-based Policy Enforcement

Action Items
------------
2a) John will talk to Wei at his 1:00pm to oncrease the number of file descriptors 
2b) Investigate when we think we'll outgrow current Globus index service
2c) Based on when we think we'll hit a problem, work with Globus team to see we think we'll run out of memory
3b) John will start discussions of what policy is, and how to enforce it.
