The meeting was focused on two general areas.

** General, business keeping, topics
Attendees: Arumani (BAH), Steve (GU), Arnie (GU), Chad (GU)

1. Georgetown asked to clarify the process for getting documents
finalized and approved. Arumani replied that the process was to vet it
with the development community, have the caGrid chief architect (Oster)
sign off on it, and then send it to a BAH reviewer.  Once the BAH
reviewer approved the document Arumani would send it to NCICB for final
approval. {A.I.} Arumani will provide the contact person at BAH.

2. Georgetown asked for guidance on the Risk Matrix.  Arumani noted that
Georgetown should create this document using the template available in
CAMP, check it into CVS, and treat it as a living document. He noted
that all the risks & the mitigation should be tracked/updated.

3. Georgetown asked for clarification on why a number of GU invoices had
not yet been processed and paid as well as why GU's architecture
contract had not been updated to include money for last year's
face-to-face meeting at Georgetown.  Arumani noted he would contact Paul
Mulhern to get these invoices processed.  {A.I.} Georgetown will contact
Arumani next Friday for an update.

** caGrid Portal topics
Attendees: Arumani (BAH), Manav (NCI), Steve (GU), Arnie (GU), Chad (GU)

1. Arumani provided the new tentative release date for the caGrid 1.0
software package, and thus the Portal project, as the 2nd week of
December. Arumani also mentioned that we would need to work backwards to
determine the code freeze date to get the various elements finalized on
time by Dec 2nd week (tentative release date).

2. Georgetown asked for clarification about the project manager for the
caGrid Portal project.  Arumani noted the possibility that Manav may be
moved from the Portal project and agreed with Georgetown that if he was
moved this would represent a high risk to the project.  To mitigate this
it was agreed that Georgetown would lead the project, with Chad as
project lead.  Manav will continue to provide help in design and
development for the duration of time he's on the project, specifically
Georgetown noted that his experience with JSF would be valuable.

Georgetown will be responsible for the timeliness of the Portal and its
deliverables, and will direct the development of the Portal.

3. Chad then asked that the developers have bi-weekly face-to-face
developer meetings going forward.  These meetings will allow the
Georgetown programmers and Manav to discuss progress and work out any
issues currently on the table.  Arumani will attend the meetings
(possibly via phone) when he is available.  The developers may ask
others to attend (via phone if necessary) if their expertise is
required. {A.I.} Chad will send logistics of the first meeting, to be
held at Georgetown on the Tuesday the 22nd.

Action Items:
* Arumani - Provide contact information, to Georgetown, for BAH reviewer
that will provide final review of documents.
* Arumani - Provide an update about currently queued invoices to
Georgetown by Friday, August 25th.
* Chad - Send out logistics today for the portal face-to-face developers
meeting on August 22nd.