caGrid 1.0 Portal Developer Meeting
August 22nd, 2006
Attendees: Manav, Scott (via phone), Chad, Paul, Arumani (cameo via phone)

At the start of the meeting Arumani popped online to provide us the new 
deadline dates for caGrid 1.0 work.

Manav then gave an update of the coding he had done to date.  He had 
written aggregators to fetch data from the index service and grid 
services and unmarshall their XML metadata into the metadata domain 
objects.  Those objects are then copied into the hibernate controlled 
data objects.

Chad raised a concern with this approach because as the XML from the 
services grows this process will increasingly consume memory.  The use 
of StAX parser to convert from the XML directly to the hibernate 
controlled objects was discussed.  {A.I.} Chad said he would look into 
using StAX for this.

A discussion on the way that aggregators were scheduled, via the 
java.util.Timer, and executed, via separate threads, was discussed. 
Both Chad and Scott were concerned about the number of threads going to 
large and Scott suggested we look at the threading manager provided by 
Globus[1].  The page also includes a work scheduler that could be used.

Chad raised a concern with the use of the GeoCoder (geocoder.us) service 
that Manav had begun stubbing out.  Chad's prior research had found a 
service with the same APIs that required a license for use.  Manav 
pointed out a different site (the one mentioned above) that is free for 
non-commercial use.  {A.I.} Chad will verify that the license is 
compatible with caGrid work.

The next developers face-to-face meeting will be at NCI on September 8th 
at 10:30am.

Action Items:
  - Chad will look into using StAX to parse the XML returned from services
  - Chad will look into the license for GeoCoder.us

[1] http://dev2dev.bea.com/wlplatform/commonj/twm.html
